This short README file tries to give a quick overview how to install, compile
and run PMW music notation software under OS X on Macintosh.

IMPORTANT: This README is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY!

Requirements:

- Any Mac running a MAC OS X should be up to the job, but older MAC OS machines
before OS X will not work. You need the Darwin-BSD Clone to have the full Unix
compatibility!

- A basic understanding of how to operate a Unix/BSD/Linux command line through
a shell/console is compulsory.

Tested environment was MAC OS 10.9.5 on Intel architecture.

First steps:

- make sure you have the console/shell easily ready, you will need it
permanently (add it to the dock)

- MAC OS X is very reluctant to give the user freedom about usage of his
computer resources, so in most cases you need to create or make visible the
admin account for smoother operation

- when creating the directories to store the downloaded installation files, set
the file permissions in a way so that anyone can read/write/alter the files
(i.e. do a chmod 777): sounds harmful, but it is not and saves you a lot of
trouble later on

- whenever you encounter "access denied" problems, you forgot the chmod 777
for that particular file or directory

- download the latest PMW tarball and save it to the specifically created
directory with the matching file permissions

- find out your OS version (Finder -> About this Computer)

- go to App Store and download the matching XCode package for your OS version
and install it as admin, accessible for all users. Without the XCode package,
the gcc C compiler is missing and you cannot compile the PMW sources

- follow the PMW instructions to expand the tar and zip compressed suite of
files and go through the make routine as described in the PMW documentation

If you do not encounter any error message, you should end up with a working PMW
system.

Possible errors:

- operation stops because of file permissions: see above for curing this.

- compiler gives back error messages: check if you end up with a PMW program
anyway. The gcc is a bit verbose in regard of warnings and error messages. If
it fails, try to conclude what went wrong, fix this and go back to the make
routine.

- earlier OS X versions might require manual hacks for the correct font
handling, 10.9.5 did it correctly from the scratch.

Extra tip: get yourself an editor which can be tailored to your needs when
using PMW!

Good luck and enjoy PMW!
